[A2-861] Expose skip policy migration option to end user (#551)
chef/automate: components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/iam-v2-guide.md

Success: Enabled IAM v2
```

Note: To upgrade without porting existing policies, use the `--skip-policy-migration` flag: `chef-automate iam upgrade-to-v2 --skip-policy-migration`.

## View Policies

After you've logged in to Chef Automate, select the **Settings** tab in the top navigation bar, then select and locate the `Policies` section on the left hand panel.

> Here you can view all of your v2 policies. If you have upgraded without using the `--skip-policy-migration` flag, you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you can view all of your v2 policies. If you have upgraded without using the `--skip-policy-migration` flag, you will
```

Reviewer: Also, ideally, it would be great if lines 39 and 40 were put together rather than suddenly split mid-sentence.

However, you can still delete the policy.
Repeat for each legacy policy.

> Alternately, you can run `--skip-policy-migration` on upgrade to start without any policies at all.

Reviewer: This line should be removed as at this stage of the document, you're past the point of upgrading. You've also done a very thorough job of including this information elsewhere in the document.

Author: Erring on the side of redundancy 😂
